Clarify that filevault will take ~30 min to store in Fleet (#10810)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Using-Fleet/MDM-macOS-settings.md

3. Run the `fleetctl apply -f <your-YAML-file-here>` command.

> > It may take up to 30 minutes for Fleet to collect and store the encryption keys from all hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It may take up to one hour for Fleet to collect and store the disk encryption keys from all hosts.
```

One hour.
